4504: Existence of the configuration option explained (#1941)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/command-reference/remote/modify.md

- `-u`, `--unset` - delete configuration value for the given config `option`.
  Don't provide a `value` when employing this flag.

> - `--jobs` - number of workers started. Accepts positive integers. The default

Author: To me, it looks like I added two identical explanations of identical command options. Is there a place and need to explain configuration field?

Reviewer: @I159 `dvc remote` doesn't have `--jobs` flag though. It has `jobs` config option. See `verify` in "Available parameters for all remotes" below and add the same thing for it.

Author: Done.

  value is `4 * cpu_count()`.

> 

Reviewer: Wrong section, it should be the one below "Available parameters for all remotes"

Reviewer: EDIT: ah, I see. This is the flag that you are adding here. Need to add `jobs` as a config option to "Available parameters for all remotes" below too

Reviewer: There is no such option though, see https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/pull/1941#discussion_r523069333

  $ dvc remote modify localremote url /home/user/dvcstore
  ```

> - `jobs` - number of workers started. Accepts positive integers. The default
>   value is `4 * cpu_count()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `jobs` - number of workers started. Accepts positive integers. The default
  value is `4 * cpu_count()`. For SSH remotes, the default is `4`.
```

>   value is `4 * cpu_count()`. For SSH remotes, the default is `4`.

Reviewer 2: "workers started" for what? What commands does it affect? Should we mention that it's the same as the `--jobs` option in some commands? Thanks!

  $ dvc remote modify localremote url /home/user/dvcstore
  ```

> - `jobs` - number of workers started at execution of the following commands:
> 
>   - push
>   - pull
>   - status
>   - gc
>   - fetch
> 

Reviewer 2: Thanks for the clarification (per https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/pull/1941#pullrequestreview-530560968)!

I would simplify this a little, to:
```suggestion
- `jobs` - number of processes to perform [remote storage](link)
  synchronization commands (`push`, `pull`, `fetch` `status -c`, and
  `gc -c`).
```
> Needs formatting (esp. once merged with the paragraph below).

  Accepts positive integers. The default value is `4 * cpu_count()`. For SSH
  remotes, the default is `4`. Using more jobs may improve the overall transfer

>   speed.

Reviewer 3: same here, not sure transfer applies well to `gc`

Reviewer 3: also `status`

Reviewer: This is useful for most of the commands, so I don't think this is worth clarifying more here.

Reviewer 2: Using "connection speed" here as well for now.

Reviewer 3: `connection speed` has a very precise meaning though, and `--jobs` doesn't change it. `speedup the operation` sounds good. For pull/push - etc transfer is fine.

Reviewer 2: "speed up the operation" it is, in gc and status. Note that in remote modify I removed that sentence. Applied in 89dd8269 (see https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/pull/1945#pullrequestreview-531868327).
